we're off last week we had a whole week
of lazy sloth like behavior caramel what
did you look do last week during the
vacation I spent a lot of time with my
family a lot of time with your family
doing what taking my son to school Papa
take him to the park different places so
nothing really is the answer nothing
exactly me too I spend a lot of my time
thinking about who to vote for you know
a week from tomorrow it's Super Tuesday
14 states including ours California vote
and if you're voting for a Democrat you
have to pick a candidate you have to
pick one unfortunately most people I
talk to about this still don't know
which one I mean do you go with the
candidate who has the best chance to
beat Donald Trump do you go with the one
you like the most
or the candidate with the strongest
teeth and bones it's a tough spot to be
in but it was a very good weekend at
Bernie's Bernie Sanders won big in
Nevada on Saturday and is now considered
to be the front-runner that's right
there's a 78 year old man running in
front it's Mike Bloomberg boy the debate
on Wednesday was that a disaster for
Mike Bloomberg the Democrats put on a it
was a real Vegas magic show Elizabeth
Warren sawed Bloomberg's campaign and a
half in Las Vegas
everyone piled on him you know he's
spending a lot of money spent more than
500 million dollars so far he's buying
everything commercials social media
billboards mail even hired the Houston
Astros to go around stealing the other
candidates side so he's serious
we added to the confusion there are
still a lot of undecided voters and
that's not great so what I think the
candidates should do I know this is not
the traditional way they do it but this
isn't a traditional election so here's
my idea and follow it with me on this
instead of waiting for the nomination I
think the candidates should pick their
running mates now to make it easier for
us Mike Bloomberg for instance he spent
a ton of money and it worked but he got
hammered in debate debate would stop and
frisk and these harassment related
confidentiality agreements what Michael
Bloomberg needs is a strong running mate
and that running mate I thought about
this a lot should be Denzel Washington
you get a huge chunk of the of the black
vote and while a lot of women want a
female president you know what else a
lot of women want Denzel Washington okay
so that's a Bloomberg who do next you
have Joe Biden another old white man
whose biggest problem is that he's not
progressive enough so who do we pair him
with Flo energetic woman only person in
the world with more commercials than
Mike Bloomberg she's got name
recognition she's literally progressive
she works for the company and if anyone
can figure out this insurance mess
she's been on that for years and on top
of that Joe and Flo great bumper sticker
even Joe Biden could remember that now
we have Elizabeth Warren she's tough
intelligent almost too it tells you kind
of a grownup version of the smart kid no
one likes that much at school very
bright but she needs someone fun she
needs someone like Liz Oh
Lizza would be a great vice president
chief and she'd be the second vice
president who plays the flute after my
pets you know that he's okay so now you
have Bernie he's in the lead but he's
very far left so far left he wouldn't
tolerate a centrist running me he needs
someone who won't threaten his ideology
he needs someone young and someone the
Bernie bros will accept Bernie Sanders
needs Pam from the office to be not
Jenna Fischer the actress Pam that's a
solid ticket so next we have Amy
Klobuchar she isn't that a lot of
support doesn't have a lot of charisma
out of money Amy Klobuchar our only hope
right now is Oprah Winfrey this everyone
gets health care and a car and the other
wild card is Buddha judgment mayor Pete
he's got some hurdles oh he's too young
he's too clean he's gay which sadly is
gonna bother some people and he's from
South Bend Indiana which is just
slightly bigger than a Walmart these two
people the only people have ever
vacation from that area
so what mayor Pete needs is someone
who's rough dirty maybe even a little
bit homophobic someone with some good
old-fashioned - uncle power and for that
I say Pete I'd like you to take a good
hard look at a fella named Mel Gibson
David Jim sugar 20 20
and there you go problem solved now we
can decide thank you this is what I was
doing while you're driving your son to
school last week oh my god by the way
according to a new poll from CBS
sixty-five percent of Americans think
Trump will either definitely or likely
be reelected but one prominent
conservative in Hollywood is not on Team
Trump Clint Eastwood this weekend and
now said he will support Michael
Bloomberg which is surprising typically
he loves a Million Dollar Baby so you'd
think he'd be with trumpet Clint
Eastwood famously spoke at the
Republican National Convention in 2012
he had a long conversation with an empty
chair but as surprising it he would go
against Trump
seeing as how you know they did two
movies together back in the 70s and 80s
and I guess there must be a rip well the
president is in India right now for a
two-day Eat Pray Love himself toward
this is his first trip to India since
taking office and I hesitate to say he
didn't do his homework but he did seem a
little bit confused when he got off the
plane I don't know
I don't know who's advising him but the
Indian Prime Minister really laid it on
thick we made that up but it's possible
the Indian Prime Minister organized a
huge rally to welcome Trump at the
largest cricket stadium in the world
Trump doesn't know much about cricket
the only cricket Trump knows they're the
ones he hears when he asked Melania if
he can sleep in her room but the man
loves an audience and he charmed the
crowd with a taste of his vast knowledge
of Indian culture as the great religious
teacher Swami VV come on none what sir
clearly his speechwriter hates him I
mean why even put that name in the
teleprompter huh oh he had to read a lot
of new words on the teleprompter today
and if you get a kick out of his
struggles with the English language wait
until you get a load of this from suChin
Tendulkar to Virat Kohli Swami VV come
on none classic Indian films like DDLJ
and cho-jen chaiwalla a tea seller
namaste
namaste in me and of course Trump was
very focused on the size of the crowds
gathered to greet him he said this could
be the biggest event they've ever had in
India and as you can see this is during
his speech the place was absolutely
jam-packed even before he left the
United States he was bragging to
reporters that they were going to have
millions and millions of people in the
street to greet him but this is India
where they have millions of people in
laundromats
the other reason this is an interesting
trip for Trump is because the Indian
Prime Minister is a strict vegetarian
and he does not plan to serve our
president meat of any kind his plan is
to serve Him vegetarian meals which is
like try to fill a a Buick with
safflower oil it just doesn't work and
there you see him there thinking about
eating his own head congratulations on
making it to the end of the YouTube
video why not celebrate by clicking the
subscribe button you earned it